Update readme files to add BOM information to the readmes (#22790)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration/README.md

- [App Configuration Store][app_config_store]

### Include the Package

> #### Include the BOM file

Reviewer: Given that the outer header begins with `Include the` would it be better to have this section header be `Using azure-sdk-bom` and the one below being `Direct dependency`

> Please include the azure-sdk-bom to your project to take dependency on the latest GA version of the library.

Reviewer: I was thinking this could be more directive than suggestive.

```suggestion
Include `azure-sdk-bom` as a `dependencyManagement` dependency to allow it to manage Azure SDK dependencies in your project.
```

```xml
<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
            <artifactId>azure-sdk-bom</artifactId>

>             <version>1.0.3</version>

Reviewer: Do we have a way to mass update this dependency version?

            <type>pom</type>
            <scope>import</scope>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</dependencyManagement>
```

> and then include the direct dependency in the dependencies section without the version tag.

Reviewer: Let's make this a sentence on its own rather than a continuation from before the code block

```suggestion
Then include the direct dependency in the dependencies section without the version tag.
```

Reviewer: Based on my other comment above we should more clearly indicate that the `dependencies` block that the direct dependency is included in is not within the `dependencyManagement` block but a completely separate block.

```xml
<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
            <artifactId>azure-sdk-bom</artifactId>
            <version>1.0.3</version>
            <type>pom</type>
            <scope>import</scope>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</dependencyManagement>

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
        <artifactId>azure-data-appconfiguration</artifactId>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

```xml
<dependencies>
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-data-appconfiguration</artifactId>

> </dependency>

Reviewer: nit: indentation of XML

</dependencies>
```

#### Include direct dependency

> If you want to take dependency on a particular version of the library that is not present in the BOM,

Reviewer: Based on this sentence, did we add this update to all READMEs or only to the libraries that are included in `azure-sdk-bom`?
